|Viewing Single Post From: Spoilers for the Week of February 11th| |Lil||Feb 1 2013, 09:58 AM| Don't care about Chloe/Taniel/Jen-Jen. Don't care about Sami, really, but hoping that we get some good "SAMANTHA GENE!!" Marlena Death-Stares out of it. And "newfound" feelings. Please. If only. STEFANO!! STEFANO, STEFANO, STEFANO!!!! :cheer: |Spoilers for the Week of February 11th · DAYS: News, Spoilers & Discussion|
*sigh* Fundamentalist community, let me pass on some advice to you I learned from the atheistic community: If you have set yourself on fire, do not run. Okay? Okay?? Please? Look, D, you had two months to say to Harvard in private emails, "Im sorry, I shouldnt have been using that animation in my paid presentations. I wont use it again. I really do like 'Inner Life', though, and would love to use it in classroom presentations, from the BioVisions site, if that is acceptable." I sat here, for two months, waiting for that to happen, anything to happen, and it didnt. Two months, on your own terms, you could have written a similar post to yesterdays. I would have given you the benefit of the doubt-- maybe you didnt know the credits werent visible to the audience, and I wouldnt have said a word beyond this, as its Harvards problem, not mine. This would have been a funny joke to those of us involved in dealing with you people, but it would have been a PR non-issue for you. But after you set yourself on fire, you didnt douse it out with a bucket of ice cold reality and accountability. You ran. And youre still running. Why not just state "I screwed up. Sorry everyone." and move on? Why the excuses? Why the denial? Why the passive language? Why the vague words and cryptic capitalizations? Why the writes and rewrites of your 'press release'? We know it wasnt written of your own volition, or it would have been done *before* Harvard had to take action. And, your behavior before this, regarding this issue, is not indicative of someone who made an innocent mistake. Its weird. So what with this frantic running? Is the inability to say "I was wrong" a pathological feature of Creationists? Or are you hiding something? Or is it both? Or is it more? And now we get Casey weighing in on the issue, according to cre8id at AboveTopSecret.com-- PBS/NOVA online - Intelligent Design on trial: ...to my knowledge, Discovery Institute has neither authorized nor received nor is making use of any presentation that used that animation. We have had nothing to do with creating or selling a DVD of that animation, nor do we have anything to do with placing that presentation on Google Video.I dont know what he is talking about with that last part, but the first part sounds similar to DIs claims post-Dover ("WE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH DOVER!"). Maybe Luskin is telling the truth. Maybe this was a magic non-science Creation-friendly narration with convenient edits that AiG or ICR would have killed for... but only Dembski could find it... but he cant tell us where... and he didnt share it with anyone... and its subsequently disappeared from the Internet... But that simply isnt what Ive been told. Maybe this was all a silly Dembski mistake, blown out of proportion due to his decision to remain silent... But what if we find more videos of more DI fellows, presenting this animation? *shrug* If youve set yourself on fire, do not run, DI. If youve done it, better admit it to Harvard now, apologize, and move on.
You must be a registered member to view this page.| If you are already a member, sign in now. To register for your own account, sign up now. Signing up will REMOVE MOST OF THE ANNOYING ADS from your screen. CLICK HERE TO CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT - Get advice - Make friends - Share your expertise - Post in our forums - Send private messages - Join interest groups - Be a community leader - Track your mood - Upload photos
Great decorating addition I have a grape/Italian theme in my kitchen. I purchased 5 of these. I decided to use them to put around my pull knobs on my overhead cabinets. Now I am ordering more to sprinkle around in other places in the kitchen - even to hang up via suction cups on my white kitchen tile. September 20, 2012
Mastodon Two India shows cancelled Two India shows cancelled Due to circumstances out of the bands control, Mastodon's appearance in India this month has been canceled; Percept Live, the organizer of FLY Music Festival, India’s first ever mutli-genre music events announced that the festival stands cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances. All ticket holders who booked their tickets viaBook My Show or Kya Zoonga will be contacted immediately for a full refund. For Mastodon news that is customized to you and your hometown such as local concerts and appearances, please fill out the form. At Record Label, we are very concerned about our fans' privacy and do not share or sell your information to other third parties. You are signed up for email and/or mobile alerts